README.md, before:

# Abode Behaviour Simulation

This project implements an advanced social media marketing content generation system using Large Language Models (LLMs) and computer vision techniques. It simulates marketing behavior by generating contextually appropriate content based on various inputs including images, metadata, and brand identity.

## Project Structure

```
├── task 2/
│   ├── data_cleaning.py          # Data preprocessing and cleaning
│   ├── fine_tune_llama.ipynb     # LLaMA model fine-tuning
│   ├── image_captioning.ipynb    # Image caption generation using Qwen-VL
│   ├── metric.py                 # Evaluation metrics (BLEU, ROUGE, CIDEr)
│   ├── prompt.py                 # Prompt engineering and generation
│   └── test pipeline.ipynb       # Testing and inference pipeline
└── test_dataset/                 # Test data directory
```

## Features

1. **Data Preprocessing**
   - Cleans and standardizes input data
   - Handles multiple data fields: dates, likes, usernames, media types
   - Extracts media URLs and categorizes content types

2. **Image Captioning**
   - Uses Qwen2-VL-2B-Instruct model for image understanding
   - Generates detailed captions for marketing images
   - Supports batch processing of images

3. **Content Generation**
   - Fine-tuned LLaMA model for marketing content
   - Context-aware generation considering:
     - Brand identity
     - Media context
     - Temporal information
     - User engagement metrics

4. **Model Training**
   - Implementation of LoRA fine-tuning
   - Quantization support for efficient training
   - Custom prompt engineering for marketing context

5. **Evaluation Metrics**
   - BLEU score for content similarity
   - ROUGE metrics for text quality
   - CIDEr score for caption evaluation

## Setup and Usage

1. **Environment Setup**
   ```bash
   pip install -U bitsandbytes
   pip install transformers accelerate
   pip install trl
   ```

2. **Data Preparation**
   - Run `data_cleaning.py` to process your input data
   - Ensure proper formatting of input CSV files

3. **Image Captioning**
   - Use `image_captioning.ipynb` for generating image descriptions
   - Supports both URL and local image inputs

4. **Model Fine-tuning**
   - Follow `fine_tune_llama.ipynb` for model training
   - Configure hyperparameters as needed

5. **Testing**
   - Use `test pipeline.ipynb` for inference
   - Evaluate results using `metric.py`

## Model Architecture

- Base Model: LLaMA 3.2-3B-Instruct
- Image Model: Qwen2-VL-2B-Instruct
- Training: LoRA fine-tuning with 4-bit quantization
- Custom prompt templates for marketing context

## Evaluation

The system is evaluated using multiple metrics:
- BLEU-1 through BLEU-4 scores
- ROUGE-1, ROUGE-2, and ROUGE-L metrics
- CIDEr scoring for caption quality

## Requirements

- Python 3.8+
- PyTorch
- Transformers
- NLTK
- Pandas
- PIL (Pillow)
- bitsandbytes
- TRL (Transformer Reinforcement Learning)

## License

See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Revise README to clarify project functionality
Updated project description to reflect a multi-stage machine learning pipeline for generating simulated marketing tweets.

README.md, after:

# Abode Behaviour Simulation

This project implements a multi-stage machine learning pipeline to generate simulated marketing tweets. The core idea is to use a Vision-Language Model (VLM) to generate rich, objective captions for images, and then feed these captions (along with other metadata like username, likes, etc.) into a fine-tuned Large Language Model (LLM) to generate realistic tweet content.

The pipeline is divided into six main stages: data cleaning, image captioning, training prompt preparation, LLM fine-tuning, inference, and evaluation.
## Project Structure

```
├── task 2/
│   ├── data_cleaning.py          # Data preprocessing and cleaning
│   ├── fine_tune_llama.ipynb     # LLaMA model fine-tuning
│   ├── image_captioning.ipynb    # Image caption generation using Qwen-VL
│   ├── metric.py                 # Evaluation metrics (BLEU, ROUGE, CIDEr)
│   ├── prompt.py                 # Prompt engineering and generation
│   └── test pipeline.ipynb       # Testing and inference pipeline
└── test_dataset/                 # Test data directory
```

## Features

1. **Data Preprocessing**
   - Cleans and standardizes input data
   - Handles multiple data fields: dates, likes, usernames, media types
   - Extracts media URLs and categorizes content types

2. **Image Captioning**
   - Uses Qwen2-VL-2B-Instruct model for image understanding
   - Generates detailed captions for marketing images
   - Supports batch processing of images

3. **Content Generation**
   - Fine-tuned LLaMA model for marketing content
   - Context-aware generation considering:
     - Brand identity
     - Media context
     - Temporal information
     - User engagement metrics

4. **Model Training**
   - Implementation of LoRA fine-tuning
   - Quantization support for efficient training
   - Custom prompt engineering for marketing context

5. **Evaluation Metrics**
   - BLEU score for content similarity
   - ROUGE metrics for text quality
   - CIDEr score for caption evaluation

## Setup and Usage

1. **Environment Setup**
   ```bash
   pip install -U bitsandbytes
   pip install transformers accelerate
   pip install trl
   ```

2. **Data Preparation**
   - Run `data_cleaning.py` to process your input data
   - Ensure proper formatting of input CSV files

3. **Image Captioning**
   - Use `image_captioning.ipynb` for generating image descriptions
   - Supports both URL and local image inputs

4. **Model Fine-tuning**
   - Follow `fine_tune_llama.ipynb` for model training
   - Configure hyperparameters as needed

5. **Testing**
   - Use `test pipeline.ipynb` for inference
   - Evaluate results using `metric.py`

## Model Architecture

- Base Model: LLaMA 3.2-3B-Instruct
- Image Model: Qwen2-VL-2B-Instruct
- Training: LoRA fine-tuning with 4-bit quantization
- Custom prompt templates for marketing context

## Evaluation

The system is evaluated using multiple metrics:
- BLEU-1 through BLEU-4 scores
- ROUGE-1, ROUGE-2, and ROUGE-L metrics
- CIDEr scoring for caption quality

## Requirements

- Python 3.8+
- PyTorch
- Transformers
- NLTK
- Pandas
- PIL (Pillow)
- bitsandbytes
- TRL (Transformer Reinforcement Learning)

## License

See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
